A MUST try! Amazing Italian food & just what Manhattan needed!
Absolutely delicious food and 5he portion sizes are huge. You will be bringing some home for later!!
Absolutely love this place! Staff is always so friendly and the food is amazing! This time we had Brooke as our waitress and she was fabulous!
Absolutely the BEST!! Speedy delivery! Ordered the Martinelli’s pasta for delivery. My order confirmation said it would take 45 minutes for delivery, order was at my door within 25 minutes, and it was HOT! I didn’t take a picture because I …More
Absolutely! Just request it when you order. We send a standard amount out with each order, but would happily send more upon request :) Thanks so much!
Amazing food and great service!
Amazing food! Staff very friendly and attentive.
Amazing marinara and bread!! The calamari was great! Great proportions!
Amazing place to eat! Food is amazing! And on top of that I got engaged there last night and the staff helped put it together beautifully! Such an amazing experience!
Amazing service, food, and atmosphere! Highly recommend. Food price is reasonable as well.
As good as Martinelli's! Yum!!!
Ashley H was the perfect waitress. Great demeanor and conversationalist. The desserts were amazing.
Awesome food and a great atmosphere. The bar tenders and waiters are awesome. Every dish on the menu is excellent, and you can tell that a lot of time has been put into the recipes.
Awesome service and great food. Portions were very generous. Desserts were awesome too. I'm happy Manhattan finally has a great Italian restaurant!
Best filet I've ever had! Service was perfect. Amazing place. Do yourself a favor and make this a weekly experience.
Best Italian around!
Best italian food in Manhattan! Not only is the food excellent, but the service and atmosphere are unforgettable. Truly a special place.
Best Italian food in MHK! Cozy atmosphere yet social distanced. I love the booth seating - almost feels like private dining. Excellent customer service. Plus, best of all, it's delish!
Best italian restaurant in Manhattan in my opinion. The staff was awesome service and food superb. Shout out to our server Beth she was amazing. This place was packed on a Friday night and handled their crowd like a boss. Definitely a new favorite stop for me when visiting manhattan.
Best restaurant in Manhattan; amazing food, service, and pricing.
Called in a takeout order and had a great experience! Food was ready quickly, it was packaged well, and was still fresh and hot when we got home. Quality, quality, quality. Loved the toasted ravioli appetizer, and the pastas we got were …More
Came in for an early mid-week dinner. No wait. Our server (Cole) was fast, friendly, and helpful providing recommendations. The food, drinks, and dessert were all good. Will be back.
Chicken parm wasn’t very good at all but spaghetti was good salad that my wife and son got looked like something you find on a poorly made Mexican salad
Comfortable atmosphere and high quality food priced reasonably. Favorite place to eat in town.
Congratulations! Thank you so much for coming to see us to celebrate!
Congratulations! Thanks for your kind words!
Cozy Italian restaurant. Prime location. Edge of Aggyville.
Cute, good food, good portions, maybe a bit overpriced for cute.
Delicious
Delicious food and friendly service. Had the Spaghetti Marinara with meatballs, Lasagna, and Chopped Salad all in quarter size. Homemade marinara sauce is tasty, and portions were large sizes even at the quarter size!
Delicious food and great service.
Delicious food, awesome staff highly recommend it #Pasta
Delicious food, excellent service, friendly atmosphere
Delicious, huge portions for super cheap!
Delicious. Great service.
Enjoyed our time.
Every experience both in person and when ordering to go has been fantastic. The food is always delicious and the customer service is always top notch. Absolutely it is worth a trip!
Everyone enjoyed their food from here. Thanks.
Everyone loved their food. All dishes were prepared exactly as ordered, of …More
Everything about this place is wonderful. The service is some of the best I have had in Manhattan and I challenge you to find better food, let alone better Italian food anywhere close. There may be a bit of a wait during peak times but it …More
Everything on the menu looks amazing. Everything we tried was even better than it looked. Service was also excellent.
Everything was delicious and it was ready quickly!
Everytime we have been here, the experience is on point! The chopped salad is almost life changing. Wait staff is best in class. Never disappointed.
Excellent atmosphere and the food is great too! Beth did an outstanding job at making sure our entire visit was spectacular. She was wonderfully attentive and very informative of all the menu items. She helped us make great choices on our dishes and we left extremely satisfied! We will be visiting again!
Excellent food, polite service and great atmosphere. Had lunch there with a friend, looking forward to taking my wife there soon!
Excellent Italian food! There's nothing pedestrian about their menu and quality, everything is above average or top notch. Perfect toasted ravioli, meteoric meatballs, lavish lasagna, quality sauces and pastas, all capped off with killer desserts.
Excellent service and food. The 1/4 portion was plenty for us both. Parking was hard to find.
Excellent! Our orders were delivered at the scheduled time, with hot foods hot and cold foods cold, by a friendly courier.
Excellent, authentic Italian food.
Exceptional service.
Fantastic experience! My husband, son, and I were all in town and wanted some quality Italian. Nico's definitely delivered. The food was super good without being heavy and very well priced. The portions were great as well and the staff was …More
Fantastic experience. The food was great, the service was even better. Really enjoyed chatting with Broc. We will definitely be back.
Fantastic Family style dinner with business associates and Family tonight. Atmosphere is great, love the feel of busy Italian downtown restaurant. Ordered the Family style meal with Bottomless Fettuccine Alfredo, Tricolor Tortellini, Caesar and Chopped salad, Cannoli and Tiramisu. All was delicious.
Fantastic food, service and prices! We had high expectations and Nico's delivered on every aspect. We will be happily returning very soon!
Favorite date night spot in Manhattan. We love that you can dress up or down for dinner, and the food and service is always amazing. Even the butter is homemade I mean come on, what's not to love. I practically beg everyone to try it at least once.
First time and the food was good. Waitress very friendly and efficient.
First time dining in and it was fantastic. Our waiter Anthony was professional and efficient by explaining the menu and providing quality suggestions when asked. The setting was nice and all the staff worked well as team. Ordered the Caesar …More
First time visiting and wow. The staff was supper friendly and the waitress really awesome!! The food was cooked perfectly and the taste was perfect. Its been a long time that i have ever had a good Italian meal.
First time we tried and it was awesome. Great food, great service. Four different people four different meals and everyone one of them good. I ordered a half size so i could take some home. Thanks guys we needed a great Italian diner in Manhattan.
First, I have to say that we will most likely give Nico's another chance, but a lot of things went wrong with this meal. We had to order delivery for quarantine reasons - our order was first delivered in a timely manner to the someone …More
Food and portions are amazing
Food delicious, staff very courteous.
food is is great since everything else in town is subpar but service needs a tremendous amount of work. My party and I arrived before the after football game rush and the host told us that they were cleaning off a table for us and it’ll be …More
Food was delicious and delivery guy was awesome!
Food was delicious and our server Sarah was amazing. We all had a great time.
Food was delicious. Portions are generous. Delivery was prompt. Glad to have an Italian restaurant that is not a chain in Manhattan.
Food was excellent. Ordered takeout and food was prepared quickly and packaged well.
Food was fantastic, our waitress was exceptional. You could tell the front of the house was a little frazzled, but I’d owe that to a COVID work shortage. Will be back again and again.
Food was good I got the spaghetti with pink vodka sauce and chicken parmesan. The vodka sauce was great! I think I'd stick with the "pasta" section next time. But they were much quicker on delivery than I expected. Overall good experience …More
Food was great and really good service
Food was great. Atmosphere was good, which will likely improve after the pandemic. Service was slightly off. Had to ask a couple of time for a few things, but was mostly good. Prices were very reasonable. Would definitely recommend.
Food was spectacular! Service very nice and punctual. Overall a superb dining experience.
From start to finish, the entire experience was absolutely perfect! We went fairly early because we were told there could be a wait. There was a wait but we sat at the bar and the drinks were fantastic! I cannot say enough about the …More
Fun restaurant. Outside seating. Friendly staff and great food. Check it out and enjoy.
Glad you enjoyed! Thank you so much!
Good amount of food for the money if you go with the family size meals.
Good food friendly staff.
Good food. As good as it's sister store in Salina, KS.
Good food. Good service.
Good food. Good service.
Good home town Italian food. Great service.!
Good service and great food
Good service and tasty food. Wasn't sure what to expect but it was a delightful evening out.
Good service. Lasagna served in a bowl? Overall, not bad but nothing special.
Good, service, food, and value. Definitely recommend.
got the carbonara, a little salty for my tastes but overall good and a great portion. had to wait about ten minutes longer for take out than originally estimated.
Great costumer service! And food was great 😊
Great dine in atmosphere and the take out option is delicious
Great food and atmosphere. Great place to bring out of town guests for a family style menu experience.
Great food and awesome staff.
Great food and even better customer service for our carry-out order!
Great food and even better service! These guys did an amazing job and I would highly recommend this restaurant.
Great food and excellent service. Brock was outstanding and very helpful.
Great food and great service!
Great food and great service.
Great food and nice ambience. Service is superb.
Great food and perfect service .
Great food and service!
Great food and setting 👌
Great food and very nice atmosphere. Make reservations as it's a small place and fills up fast.
Great food at a good price and good service. Good alternative to the chain restaurants.
Great food! Best Italian restaurant in town. 🤗
Great food! Good service!
Great food! Loved the Shrimp Diavolo.
Great food, big portion sizes
Great food, huge portions. Very friendly and efficient service.
Great food. Friendly service. Men's restroom could use a little work. Loose toilet seat. Flush lever loose. Space heater should be moved away from urinal. Paper towels would be nice.
Great food. Great service. Highly recommend!
Great high quality Italian food and top notch service!
Great Italian food. Attentive staff. The only things it lacks are more square footage and a better location.
Great Italian, super fast, and wine on tap. Definitely coming back soon. Big portions, bring family/friends!
Great little Italian restaurant on the edge of aggieville. Great food Great service. I would eat there everyday if I could.
Great portions sizes. Good place for a romantic date in Manhattan.
Great service an amazing food
Great service and amazing food. Prime location on edge of Aggyville.
Great Service and Food!! Will be back
Great service and pasta!
Great service, great food. John D. was our server and he was great. We went early and thank goodness. We got done and were leaving just after 6pm tonight a Friday and people were having to wait outside for tables.
Great service... Huge meals. Bread with vinegar and oil... What's not to like.
Great stuff, just like we've come to know and expect in Salina!
Great takeout! Plenty of food and very tasty! Good to see an Italian restaurant in Manhattan. Will be back soon.
Had a wonderful meal in this cozy atmosphere. Sam waited on us and did a wonderful job, thank you Sam! All the employees are wonderful and the food is delicious. You won't be disappointed.
Hands down the best ribeye we have ever had in Manhattan! Everything was absolutely delicious! Definitely recommend the bruschetta and the Italian martinis! I can't say enough about how amazing this place was!
Heard a lot of positive reviews about this restaurant. Made a mistake with a recipe and and waited too long to start and realized dinner would not be until 7:00 PM. So we ordered from this new Italian Restaurant that we have heard good …More
Hi We picked up our order, for 2 people. The food was great, we should have ordered the 1/4th portion instead of the 1/2 portion.. We had lots of food left over that we have enjoyed. (we each ordered 1/2 portion) Pasta is always good …More
I am from Salina originally, so I was excited to find Nico's here in Manhattan. Yay get my chopped salad whenever I want! Delicious food and drinks..love this place
I apologize for your experience. We are constantly battling the Aggieville fly issue and have many systems in place to address the issue. We know that some days have been pretty terrible. Very sorry about that. We will address with our …More
I grew up in an Sicilian family. I know great Italian food. Nicos knocked it out of the park. Fantastic service. Our server Sam needs a raise. She was pronominal. I highly recommend. Right in the heart of Aggieville in Manhattan Kansas home of KState
I had a wonderful experience at Nico's Little Italy! Our server, Alison D, was super funny, knowledgeable and polite! (We were the "milk" group if she's reading this.) I got a coffee, which was surprisingly good for restaurant coffee. …More
I had requested delivery and knew it might not taste as good as fresh out the kitchen but I was really surprised how tasty everything was. The calamari was still crispy, the cheese on the lasagna was still gooey, my daughter loved the …More
I have been here a few times now. Once with my boyfriend, once solo, once with my best friend, and I've ordered carry out. Bar none, EXCELLENT service and food each time. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Environment is welcoming. Prices …More
I loved that family style dining and the desserts made me quiver in joy.
I ordered from Nico’s from out of state. I wanted to send a gift to a local Manhattan family. The process was easy, online order was clear a d the food was delivered on time. The portions are large and the food was great.
I ordered lasagna because apparently it’s made fresh everyday. I got a few bites of meat which tasted the same as sausage pizza and there wasn’t any cheese in any of the 3 sad layers. My dates order was microwaved chicken- just cook at home.
I placed a to go order and the food was ready quickly and stayed warm until I got home. I was very excited to try the food because of the reviews and it smelled amazing. Unfortunately, the chicken parmesan was extremely salty and the …More
I went here on a whim with a few friends and it was incredible! The food, service, and ambiance were top notch. Our waitress was wonderful — attentive, knowledgeable, and polite. After graduating from k-state, It was the perfect last meal in Manhattan. I’ll definitely be back when I’m in Manhattan next!
If you're looking for a night out or just good food this is the place to go. It is on the small side so you need to be prepared to wait, but the wait is worth it. You can tell the food is just not warmed up but it made in-house and the wait staff is probably some of the best in Manhattan.
It is always a pleasure to dine at Nico's, the food and service are wonderful!
It was a great experience, they have the perfect service members. Delicious food
It was a great place to eat
It was great Service was awesome.
It was ok.
It was okay. We were assaulted by a thousand flies near our food, several of which fell in our food, but we were near the door. They finally brought us table fans and that helped tremendously. We ordered the full size tilapia since all 3 of …More
It was wonderful to have a high quality meal cooked so fast and delivered. I was surprised on how large the family portions were. With three teenagers and a husband, we had leftovers for just two family size entrees!
It’s a great spot. I’m so glad we have a nice Italian place in Aggieville. The service was amazing. Food is great. …More
I've ordered delivery online twice, and both times the food arrived very fast with friendly drop-off. Pasta is cooked perfectly al dente. The chop salad and Ceasar salad are both very good!
I've yet to have a bad experience. Amazing food, amazing service. It's little italy in manhattan!
Julie, thank you for your feedback. We hope your recieved our email! We look forward to serving you in the future. Thank you for the opportunity to redeem ourselves.
Just had a wonderful lunch. Waitress was great she was great. Food was great. First time to Manhattan.
Just really, really, really good! Fast delivery, correct food, very tasty.
Large portions.
Literally the best Italian food I have ever had. Brock was an excellent waiter with a very oversized personality! Will be back every time I come near Manhattan.
Love Nico's. Something for the whole family. Service is great, portions are flexible and the tiramisu is so good. :)
Love their marinara sauce for the pasta !
Loved the food and the employees were extremely friendly and helpful. Prices were good too.
Loved the spaghetti and sauce. The meatballs were delicious and huge plus with their savory sausages, excellent!!
Mae, we are very sorry about your experience. Being newer, we still have some kinks to work out! We appreciate the feedback so that we can ensure that we are continuing our training with our team. We'd love for you to email us so that we can make everything right! Give us a shout at info@nicoslittleitaly.com
Manager was very good at her job!
Martenellis Little Italy by another name, same great food.
Meat was raw and oats was disgusting. Never again.
Mediocre midwest pasta, I dare not even call it Italian food.
Michelle, please reach out to us via email! We'd love to make sure that we take care of you.
Most wonderful food and service. Cooked perfect, fast fantastic. Will come back often. Highly recommend. Gem in Manhattan
My family and I are visiting from Pennsylvania. We had dinner at Nico's last night and absolutely loved it! The staff was pleasant and the food was amazing. We ordered the family style buffet and had more than enough to eat. When they ran …More
My favorite place for chicken alfredo
My favourite restaurant in Manhattan. The service is exceptional. Huge portion size. My favourite pasta is tricolour tortellini with pesto sauce! A must visit!
Naturally, the pasta was great... but it's also the best steak in Manhattan.
Nice
Nice atmosphere but food was like eating at home...
Nice friendly staff and great food Pleasant atmosphere
Nico's had AWESOME service and an inviting atmosphere! Though, their food is nothing to write home about. Both pasta dishes were soupy and had zero flavor and chicken parmasuan was lack luster. It was a huge disappointment. Because of this, we likely won't go again.
Nico's is a fantastic addition to Aggieville. The portions are very generous and very reasonably priced. I would say get there early because it's likely to fill up quickly after 5 pm. However, the hostess was nice enough to take your number …More
Nico's is incredible!!! Manhattan FINALLY has a great Italian option. Pasta is fresh, portions are generous, service is fantastic and the filet is the best in Manhattan! I've ordered Nico's catering for two group meals and everyone was …More
Nico's Little Italy is one of Manhattan's best resturuants. Their food is scrumptious, I haven't found a menu item that you can go wrong with. The pastas are delicious and the quarter size portion for one person is always enough to have a …More
Nico's Little Italy made it very easy to order and mail their gift cards to my family that live in Manhattan Kansas.
Nico's was amazing! Our server Beth was great, her recommendations were spot on and we never had an empty glass. The quality of food is top notch with large portion sizes and the dessert menu is from a 5 Star dining experience in a large …More
Nicos 👍🏼 …More
Olive garden 👎🏻
OMG, the Chicken Carbonara was on a whole other level, probably with out a doubt the best Carbonara I've ever had. The rotinni with Alfedo, was fantastic also.
Ordered carryout - Food was hot and fresh - good quality for the money
Ordered online and picked up.Everything was packaged well and was still hot when we got home.
Ordered the family speghetti with family meatballs for delivery. Only 3 of us eating, there was enough food for at least 5, maybe more. Meatballs were homemade, super delicious. Marinara was super tasty. Will be back, hopefully in person next time.
Ordered the half order spaghetti with marinara and one meatball and a half order of the vodka shrimp and shells for my two daughters and I. Portions were huge for the price! We all ate way too much and still have leftovers!!! …More
Ordered the other night and it was delicious! Got the quarter size of the Creamy Shrimp Pesto and it was such a large portion but still perfect for one person. The cannoli's were to die for! So glad I tried this place before I moved.
Our food order was correct and very tasteful. Portions were great with enough for lunch. Food was not steamy hot but warm enough. Our only disappointment was the timing. We place our order for delivery at 630 and got it at 815. I …More
Our server was amazing and friendly
Our waitress was so sweet and the food here is amazing. Definitely recommend the appetizer sampler in particular, it was beyond worth the price. They give you so much of everything and the bruschetta was the best bruschetta I have ever had …More
Pasta carbonara was great - the sauce and the generous serving size. The caesar salad had fresh romaine, big slices of parma and a tasty homemade dressing. Will order from Nico's again!
Perfectly fine "American" Italian food. Great service, the price was exactly where it should be, the ability to choose your portion size was very nice. I look forward to a time when they (hopefully) start doing some more adventurous specials (tilapia is a perfectly serviceable fish that is typically bland).
Placed an online order for pickup. it was fast and easy. Food was ready quickly too. Great experience
Quite the price paid for over cooked pasta, burnt chicken, vanishing waiter ( bartender was more attentive ). Waiter forgot the wine. No plates for the shared salad. The wine was a 10 bottle wine being sold for 30. Needless to say it's a pass for me at this time.
Really good food had a lot of flavor will order again
Sampler platter was great, the marinara was delicious. …More
Second attempt we got the lasagna. It's not that great.
Service very nice! But Chicken Marsala sauce was gelatinous and not very flavorful. Chicken Alfredo sauce tasted like milk and flour.
Service was excellent, pasta that we had was just average.
Should have made pasta at home. The meat ball texture was that of puree meat. Our server was good.
So flippin delicious!!
So good!!
So the service it self was okay the wait staff was polite and fine but seemed very rushed and impersonal. The atmosphere was also nice. But the level of flys was crazy we were constantly swatting. The food was also just okay. But for the …More
Solid, great variation in portion sizes.
Sorry about those unpleasant parts of the experience. We appreciate you giving us a try! Thank you for the feedback so we can improve!
Sorry for the delay on your order. We appreciate your understanding and look forward to serving you better next time!
Sorry for the experience, we do try our best to ensure your food arrives as nicely as it leaves. We appreciate your feedback!
Sorry to say this Sunday night experience was not up to previous levels of quality. We picked it up, 10 minutes early, and found it sitting there already. Normally, it is HOT when we get it home. This was cold. The lasagna sauce tasted …More
Sorry we didn't meet your expectations! Thanks for trying us out.
Staff is always great. Nice menu. Fun atmosphere. Every entree we have had has been well presented and tasted great. Convenient parking too.
Such a cute place!!! Amazing food, even better service, Beth was our server and she was the best server I've ever had, very caring and good at her job!! Highly recommend the tiramisu!
Such a great atmosphere! Broc our server, was very knowledgeable in every question we had. Even gave us suggestions. I highly recommend this place to anyone in Manhattan. By the way the picture shows the smallest portion size.
Such a great menu, wonderful atmosphere and the food is amazing! Plus they were so sweet with being understanding with our new born! Will come back again!
Taste ok not much better that the frozen ones..delivery very bad the girl Brooke was nice but the food was all messy and leaking the sauce the paper bag damage.,good luck. The person on the phone nice, professional and very efficient.
Thank for coming in!! We appreciate you!
The ambience is so so, about what you expect for pseudo italian places in a small town. The service was good, the dishes were nicely timed and everything came …More
The atmosphere was intimate but not too “stuffy.” Our server, Brooke, was extremely friendly and engaging. She did an excellent job of suggesting and explaining the menu. The food was amazing and the drinks were awesome. It was our first time there but we will definitely be back!
The BEST!! Will be a family tradition for sure!!
The cannoli is delicious! The entrees have been lackluster both times we have visited, unfortunately. The sauce for the chicken piccata was gelatinous and the marinara sauce was very salty. The bread that was served before the meal this …More
The cannoli was amazing!!
The cannoli! Omg. The cannoli.
The chopped salad is amazing!
The flavors were good, but the Alfredo sauce was very thin and watery. The sauce did not stick to the food and made a mess. I feel like they were running out of sauce and made it thinner to go farther. My husband ordered Alfredo sauce, too, but did not have watery sauce.
The food arrived hot and was very good!
The food here’s incredible. Just like my Italian family’s home cooking. It’s much better at the restaurant but delivery/carry out it still pretty good too. Really affordable for college students who want a fancy meal
The food is delicious and the portion sizes are generous. The half size of spaghetti, marinara, and a meatball (one big one rather than multiple small ones) fed me for two dinners. For just one person, the quarter size is probably plenty. And the tisamisu and cannoli were tasty treats. I'm looking forward to eating there again.
The food is fanatic. Becca are server was amazing to us took really good care my wife and I in away spoiled us found a gem in the restaurant will go back often.
The food waa decent. Taking our order took awhile, but the food came out quickly. The biggest issue is fighting off the flys, I dont know where they came from, but there were at least four flys who wanted to join the party and eat our food.
The food was amazing and really fills you up! I had a group of 4 and Payton was absolutely fantastic as our waitress! I would highly recommend stopping here for a nice breakfast, lunch or dinner!
The food was awesome but the venue is small so we sat at the bar. The bartender/server didn't give us the olive oil for the bread, we had to ask for silverware, I had to ask for straws twice. Some of the workers, who were not working, came in to dine, sat at the bar also, and ended up being a distraction.
The food was delicious and delivery service just fine!
The food was delicious and the service was exceptional! Highly recommended
The food was delicious!! We ate family style where you pick 2 appetizers, 2 salads, 2 entrees and 2 desserts for about $19 a person; big dishes-worth the price! …More
The food was fabulous, we ordered it for pickup and it was great!!
The food was great! Nice serving sizes. Our waiter, Brock, was super attentive to our needs. Considering he was serving 9 of us, he got almost everything exactly right and did so timely. I didn't try everything we ordered at the table, but …More
The food was great. Our server Caden was as awesome. Will definitely be back.
The food was pretty good, as well as the prices. I love that they have a "family style" option. The service was friendly and helpful. The atmosphere was pleasant. My husband and I had a nice time, appetizer, glass of wine, and two entrees all for about $45 before tip.
The food was quick and amazing it’s seasoned to perfection! And not bad pricing!!! I got the 1/4 option and so did hubby and we got super full!! We will be back!!!
The food we ordered was delicious and arrived at our door 20 minutes earlier than expected!
The owner was very nice
The service is good. Try the tilapia with fettuccine. It was definitely the best I had eat in a long time.
The wait staff was exceptional. The portions were very generous. Pricing was on the low end for Manhattan, Ks. THE ONLY OPTION FOR GREAT ITALIAN FOOD LOCALLY. A must go.
They made a small an easy mistake on my slightly complicated takeout order. I did call them to let them know and halfway expected some small discount on my next order or something but I wasn't expecting them to offer to go above and beyond …More
They're food is awesome. I got the mozzarella sticks and the shrimp diavolo and the chicken carbonara. It was absolutely delicious 😋😊
This has become a local favorite! Very friendly service, clean, and excellent food.
This is a great addition to the MHK dining scene.
This is a very nice place to eat in Aggieville! Great food and atmosphere!
This is great spot with a nice atmosphere. Bread at the table! The chicken avocado sandwich is my go to meal.
This is the second time i’ve tried this place and i’ve had the same problem both times. The chicken parm is very salty in my opinion. The delivery was fast and convenient but I won’t be ordering from here again.
This place has fantastic dishes at an incredible price, and the cocktails here are amazing. They also have a good selection of beer on tap. I would highly recommend this place to anyone wanting a nice night or that isn't going to hurt their wallet
This place is great! It's a cozy, funky little spot with amazing food and super great staff! I got the shrimp and scallop pasta and it was amazing! The shrimp and scallops were cooked perfectly and the sauce was DELICIOUS! My daughter got …More
This place is just OK. The service was good and the food came out right away, the wine was great. We both felt like the entrees were really nothing special at all and definitely could have been easily cooked at home by anyone who knows how …More
This place is super cute and has good service but the food if the reason I give this place 2 stars. Everyone in my group was highly disappointed with their meals. The food was bland a flavorless. I expected a local Italian restaurant to have delicious food. Sadly, I will definitely not be going back to Nico’s.
This place was so delicious
This was by far the best Italian food I have ever had in Manhattan and the waitstaff was excellent!! I highly recommend the Chicken Piccata with Fettuccini Alfredo. The broccoli and asparagus were also excellent. If you are dining in, do …More
This was our first time eating at little nico's and our server made our first experience amazing. Our food came out really fast, it was delicious, and he kept coming back and refilling our drinks without having to say anything definitely will be coming back. :)
This was our second time there ...both times were wonderful...staff...service...food !! I give two thumbs up
This was written at the request of an automated email. Maybe they shouldn’t automate quite so much. …More
Took our youngest son here for his 28th birthday. The food was incredible! The staff were very nice and helpful. Highly recommend this establishment
Trevor was our server, he was very knowledgeable and made the best recommendations. He brought out a chocolate cake with a sparkler not knowing it was my daughters birthday tomorrow. My mom was with us who is 50% Italian. She approved! The …More
Tried out this new spot the first week they were open and O.M.G. Service was great and food was excellent! Will be visiting again. So glad Manhattan has good Italian again!
Very delicious!! Good portions! Service was very attentive!! Thanks!!
Very disappointed. The toasted ravioli appetizer was great. The entrees however we brought out lukewarm. The pasta dish was dry and flavorless. Peyton, the server however is wonderful. Maybe it was an off night based on reviews but I probably won't go back.
Very friendly staff, nice ambiance, & generous portions. We went with the Light Family Style Meal that came with bread, an appetizer, salad, & 2 pastas. We decided on the Caesar salad & the toasted ravioli (both bottomless). For our …More
Very good food and good service. Will return to try other menu items.
Very good food and the service was excellent
Very good! There was a very little wait on the delivery, and the food was still hot and delicious!
Very good, as always! Fantastic date night or family meal destination.
We absolutely love this place. The food and service are always great! You definitely get your money's worth.
We appreciate it! Thanks so much!
We appreciate it! Thanks!
We appreciate you giving us a try.
We appreciate you so much! Thanks for the kind words!
We are def ordering from Nico's Little Italy again. The salads, pasta, and service were most excellent. Generous portions at a fair price.
We completely understand your frustration. We will be refunding your order in full. Please contact us if you have any issues in receiving that refund.
We did an online order and it was ready when I got there. Great service. The food was phenomenal as well!
We finally found a place with not only an awesome rib eye, but probably the best lasagna I've had in a very long time. Not to mention the waitress that actually took the time to see how we are doing. Not a bad 7th anniversary mid day meal …More
We had a great dining experience here. The Caprese salad was delightful, portion sizes ample, and the vino was lovely. Happy to have a nice Italian restaurant in Manhattan again!
We had a very friendly waitress, thank You Abby!
We had a wonderful family experience. The staff was super friendly. The entrees excellent.
We had great service and the food was great.
We had Nico's cater our Annual planning meeting. The food was great and delivered on time. Thank you Nico's
We had the Appetizer Sampler, oh my, so good! The only thing I didn't quiet like was, that the Bruschetta Bread was totally soaked through. The portions are huge! And the prizes are reasonable.
We have been anticipating the opening of Nico’s, finally had the chance to place a pickup order and they did not disappoint! The food was delicious, service was quick given they were overloaded and we will be getting our Italian food there for now on. If you haven’t gotten to try, I would definitely recommend!
We look forward to seeing you next time!
We love everything about Nico's, the atmosphere, the service and most importantly the food. The lemon piccata chicken with capers is divine and the tiramisu is homemade.
We loved the food. Thank you for the extra bread!
We loved to eat in this cozy place. Great employees and wonderful service. It doesn't matter if its to go or at the restaurant. Keep up the amazing service and wish you a wonderful business year!
We ordered a little of several different dishes to try things out, especially since we have some finicky little ones. We were pleased to find that our entire family loved everything we tried! We will definitely be back.
We ordered carryout, the food was delicious and the portions were large, plan on having left overs. Great option for Italian in Manhattan.
We ordered delivery and had some issues with it getting delivered in a timely fashion, but they were very apologetic and made it right with a gift card. The food was delicious. We're looking forward to enjoying it at the restaurant once Covid is behind us.
We ordered food to carry out on Saturday night. The food was ready when promised. Our entrees were delicious but my favorite is the Martinelli’s Chop Salad! This is the best salad I have had in Manhattan. It comes with iceberg, diced …More
We ordered Nico's for carry out on a Friday night. It was crowded in the restaurant, but the takeout was ready just as I finished driving across town to pick it up. Amazing! Even moreso was the quality of the food. Manhattan needed so badly a really good Italian restaurant, and Nico's definitely delivers.
We ordered Nico's Little Italy for dinner last night, and it was amazing. I ordered the food about 5 for a 7:15 pickup. I got an email saying the order was processed, and arrived just a few minutes early. The service was great. They …More
We ordered pickup and it was ready in 15 minutes! The service was great. The food delicious and hot! We will definitely order again! Oh, and we had a special dessert in our bag that we didn’t order! I hope it was just a surprise for us and that no one else’s order was missing it! It was amazing!
We ordered the family-size Caesar salad, appetizer sampler, and side of meatballs. I will take each in turn. (1) The Caesar salad came with nearly a pint, yes I said pint of Caesar dressing. So, we now have dressing for many more salads to …More
We started off with the sample appetizer and got the 1/4 order of Tricolor Tortellini and 1/2 order of Shrimp Fettuccini Alfredo for entrees, which was very filling and tasted great! Service was excellent, got a drink and the bar and sat out on the patio.
We thought this place was very cute and authentic Italian food . We didn’t want to eat at another Olive Garden. We were wrong. The chicken Marsala was awful. The gravy was gelatinous poured over very thin, salty over breaded chicken with …More
We tried their menu first during a weekend special and loved some of their pieces so much that I knew we needed to go back. We were back within a week, this time in person, cute little place with reserved parking !!! In Aggieville need I say more!
We went for the first time not knowing what to expect, our server was great and she explained the dishes to us. We absolutely loved the food, my daughter couldn't stop eating the tortellini. Food was so good I forgot to take pictures, definitely will be coming back again.
We were soo excited when we heard about Nico's!! We love Marinelli's and couldn't wait to try out Nicos. We ordered delivery on a busy Friday night and it arrived with in the estimated time frame...maybe even sooner! The food was delicious and still hot!! We can't wait to dine in soon!
We’ve gone a few times now and it’s out favorite place to go out with family and friends. The portions are very generous the food is always great And THE SERVICE IS AMAZING. We have taken big groups with several disabilities and all we’re …More
Well I think I have found my new Italian restaurant.Please be advised that when I Rate things 5 stars every aspect of a business is covered, the service,people,and last but not least the great food and also thank you for bringing Nico's to Manhattan
Went in for a early dinner around 5pm. It had a very nice quiet atmosphere. The food was delicious and the wait time was around 10-15 minutes. The manger was especially attentive which made for a great experience. PS- try the cheesecake!
Went with a group of 5 .we shared the martinellis chopped salad family style.great salad., I had Sicilian shrimp and scallop linguine. Was great.a friend had chicken scallopine. Lived it. Another had the filet mignon cooked perfect. I am …More
We're able to accommodate our group of 12 over lunch. Everything came out together and was delicious as always.
What a great addition to Aggieville! Food was amazing, especially the stuffed mushrooms and shrimp and scallop pasta. We sat at the bar and our bartender Peyton was wonderful and attentive!
When I first went, I liked it a lot. I got a creamy pesto pasta, and it was great comfort food option, and pretty cheap. Not the most creative and interesting menu, but classics that people like. The few times I went back, I was extremely …More
Wife and I shared our 17th anniversary today and decided to try out Nico’s Little Italy! What a great choice we made! The pasta was amazing, and customer service was 5 Star! This was also probably one of the best Caesar Salads I’ve ever …More
Wife and I went there this past Saturday with our son, heard great things about it from numerous friends. Food: very good, flavorful, 1/4 plates are plenty of food for 1 (my son couldn't finish his food, neither did my wife), Chicken Parm …More
Wonderful food and an amazing staff
Wonderful food and service. We dined in the first time, their family meals are incredible and the food just keeps coming. We had delivery the 2nd time. It arrived right on time, the food was still hot, fresh and deliciousness.
Wonderful lunch or dinner spot. Homemade sauces are delicious and satisfying. High quality at a reasonable price.
Wonderful service and amazing food!
Wow what an amazing experience full of food and good company. Next time I'm in town I will definitely be back!
Wow! Awesome new Italian restaurant in MHK - Aggieville was in need of an upgrade and we got it! The food is great! Highly recommend the Chicken Piccata! We are so impressed with the whole staff! Skylar is the best and Ashley an amazing bartender/server- We love Nico’s - it feels like home Go there soon!
Wow! Thank you so much ❤