Ed L. was salmon fishing with a companion in Prince William Sound. After anchoring off shore, his companion took a small boat up a river to check on the state of the salmon run. As the day wore on toward evening and he didn't come back at the expected time, Ed scanned upriver and across the adjacent land with binoculars. There he saw a sasquatch walking across the tundra, with long, smooth steps and with dark hair flowing from its shoulders, bouncing behind "like a cape" at every step. The sasquatch paid no attention to the boat (distance about 1,000').
heh i kinda feel a little dumb that im reporting this but its bothering me so here goes.. bout a month ago i was with a friend and her son, we were hanging out at a camp ground by Allamuchy state park, in Warren county NJ. i think the camp ground was part of Stephens state park either way it was on the Musconetcong river. it was late in the day and we were just walking on the trials by the river. we figured since her son was gonna stay with her folks that evening we would come back later and spend the night at the camp ground. we went home and got together some gear, just sleeping bags and sleeping pads. we stopped at a store got some hotdogs and rolls and a gallon of water then headed to the camp site. it was about 10pm when we got to the camp site and i think we took spot 19. it was close to the road one of the last spots before ya hit the road maybe 50 yards or so. we made a fire in the metal fire ring and just sat around till about 1am, there were maybe 5 or 6 sites that were camped that night one was taken by some boy scouts. at about 1am my friend got in her sleeping bag next to the fire, i was still up drinking hot chocolate and stareing into the fire, about 20min or so later i got into my bag next to her and was lieing on my side looking into the woods. i wasnt comfortable and i laid awake for a good hour or so just thinking and listening to the sounds of the woods and the river that was 100yards tops away from me. then i heard a sound like someone was lightly banging a fork or something against a plate. i thought maybe a bear was snooping around looking for a free meal, this is bear country and we have a very healthy black bear population, but maybe 30 seconds after i heard the metalic sound i heard someone or something bang a branch against a tree 4 or 5 times in a row, i thought that the bear maybe was getting a little to close to someones camp site. then i again heard banging against a tree but this time it was a bout 100yards into the woods and not near any camping area that i had seen in the daylight. then the tree banging came from the first spot as if answering the other position. the first tree banger was what seemed to be on or near the road by the middle of the camp ground. that kinda made my mind wander i was wondering what was going on..and who is up making all this noise. about 10minutes later i looked into the woods which were slightly iluminated by my dieing fire and i saw what looked like a bear looking into my camp about 20 feet away from behind a tree. i saw just the shadowy outline of it. i could see its head and shoulders slowly move out from behind the tree look in and then move back behind the tree. ive seen bears do this before in the day light but never this close. then i closed my eyes waited a few seconds and opened them just to make sure i wasnt seeing things. but this whatever it was had difined shoulders and a rounded kinda pointy on top head, it didnt have and ears like you would see on a bear, nor the flat head of a bear and if it was a bear its front arms wouldnt have given it the squared off shoulders that i was seeing in the silloette of this figure. i got kinda scared for a few moments and didnt move a at all. i thought for a second about jumping up and yelling at it but i didnt want so get it mad at me or scare it. i closed my eyes and tried my hardest just to fall asleep. i dozed off finally and was awoken by my friend who was yelling at me for not putting the bag of hotdogs in the car before going to sleep. we had in the bag a apple and a orange, rolls and a unopend pack of hotdogs, i tied the bag with a simple knot like you would tigh your shoes the night before, but when i got up the only thing left where the bag was, was the orange just sitting there on the ground. my friend said somthing along the lines of wow a bear came and stole our hotdogs. i kinda was wondering what was going on so i decided to have a look around where i saw the figure the night before, i remembered that the shadowy figure was hiding behind the tree and i could see a branch just above its head maybe a foot or so higher than the top of the figure. it was puzzleing because that branch must have been 8 or 9 feet off the ground and black bears where i come from dont stand that tall on there hind feet. i didnt try to tell her what i heard or saw the night before because she wouldnt have belived me anyway, but ive spend lots of time in the back country and woods hunting, fishing, rock climbing, and backpacking. i know what bears look like up close as well as from a distance. and this wasnt a bear and to tall for a person. i didnt smell anything but i think i was up wind anyway and we were burning wood in the fire and all i could really smell was the fire anyway. the thing that really bothers me is the tree banging its was allmost like something was comunicating with something else. it also bothers me that something waited until it was sure that i was asleep before coming into camp. in which case it woulda been 6 or 7 feet from where we were sleeping in order to open the bag and have a look in it, then disguard the orange and take the rest bag and all. it wouldve had to make some sound if it just tore the bag opened. i looked around before we left to see if i could find any tracks or anything but the ground is was just to hard, there was a few game trails but i didnt look very far or spend alot of time looking. i looked on the internet and found this sight and was surprized to see other sitings in new jersey.
I was on my way to Claremont from Lebanon on Rte 120 and was passing by some reeds in a marshy area next to the road that sounded like a huge flock of birds. The creature came out of the reeds and was crouched down looking at me through them. Surprisingly it got out of the reeds from crouched to standing turned around and ran towards the wooded area up a hill and was moving with it's arms brush and tree branches out of the way. It was incredibly fast runner and I got a good look at its coconut shaped head as it ran away. It was light brown/brown. It had incredibly broad shoulders. I went back the same day. The marsh went up to my knees and I could smell a bad odor like garbage. Myself and a friend went back to the sighting. We found a footprint and a hair sample. I could hear wood knocks when my friend James did a call and we also found a large bed of branches and some tree structures. The following month I went back to Claremont and I heard screeching in the woods while I was traveling Rte. 120 on a bicycle.
I was northeast of Macy Nebraska along the Missouri River taking part in an expedition hosted by members of the Omaha Indian tribe. We were on the Omaha Reservation.  These tribal members say they've had many sightings in the hilly bluff zone extending for miles along the west flank of the Missouri River Basin. Five of us had decided to take a day hike to see a possible “X” structure. As we started up the path it became known that to get to the “X” we’d have to veer off the main path and bushwhack through the weeds. Two people did this while three of us decided to stay on the clearer but muddy path. (I still have never seen this "X" but pictures are available.) As we headed up the trail one of my Native American companions said he was hearing movement in the woods to our right. At this point we could not see very far off the path as trees and brush blocked the view. I did not hear the movement. We continued forward and came to an area where trees had been cut down in the past. We could see maybe 40-50 yards back into the forest. Two of us looked to our right as soon as we made it to this clearer area and immediately saw movement. I saw a long light brown object that was swinging downward from a horizontal position toward. It was not indicative of any other animal that I can think of and was bent slightly at an apparent elbow. I could not see a hand because of the brush. At the time of the sighting the other witness started telling us what HE just saw. He said “I just saw one” and described seeing the whole upper body of a light brown Sasquatch. Apparently when it noticed us it started to drop down and move to its right (our left) behind cover. He said as it was ducking down the arm had swung way up in the air and back down, and he demonstrated. His description and demonstration exactly matched what I had seen. He did not know that I had also seen it as he was telling me his story. I took a picture of the area where the sighting happened. This subject was behind and to the right of a stick pointing upward. On July 27th 2018, I revisited the location with BFRO investigator T. Bell and hacked my way back into this spot. We determined that the top of the stick is about 11 feet high, making the top of the swinging ‘arm’ at around 9 feet tall. On the day of the sighting I was not prepared to bushwhack back into the site where the subject was seen. I was better prepared when we returned on July 27th. I have already done an interview with the BFRO investigator just after our recreation attempt. This subject was MUCH larger than me. It could very easily be 10 + feet as it was already ducking away when I saw it.
While this incident occurred a long time ago, it may be ofsome use, as I have never heard of any such sighting in North Dakota. Whilecoming back from a hunting trip outside of Minot, North Dakota in aroundthe third week of April, in 1962, a friend of mine and I were followedby a creature as we returned in the direction of the trailer park in whichwe lived. (My father was working for the Department of the Air Force onthe Missile site Installations at the time.) After walking back from somedistance out on the prairie, I had the distinct feeling that someone orsomething was following us. Eventually I became so uncomfortable that Idid look over my right shoulder and saw at a distance of about 50 yardsor so, what I thought at first was a great ape. I cannot describe to youwhat I felt at that moment. It fixed me with it's eyes and stood up onit's hind legs when it saw that it had been seen. As all I had was a singleshot .22, shooting it was out of the question. I got a real good closelook, long black shiny hair, oily looking, and it rose from all fours onto it's hind feet.(I am certain it had followed us for some time). Verytall. No hair on the face above it's nose or the palms of it's hands. Longarms. Very malevolent expression conveyed to me. I cannot overemphasizethis. It began to move in our direction. (I was with a partner). Both ofus ran as fast as we could. We didn't look back after this.
In early spring 1988, some friends of mine and I were traveling up the road to the top of Mt. Mitchell in a four-wheel drive vehicle. Mt. Mitchell is the highest peak east of the Mississippi River at 6,684 feet, and as a result, the mountain gets heavy snowfalls well into March and sometimes April. There had been some heavy snowfall in the weeks preceding our drive, and there were some deep snowdrifts piled up alongside the road, although the road had only a dusting of light snow on its surface. Almost no one goes up on the mountain in the wintertime, and as I remember it, we had to skirt our way around a barricade to even get on the road to the summit. We reached the top of the mountain, then turned around to drive back down. About a half mile below the summit, we went around a sharp, left-hand turn, and our headlights hit the steep bank beside the road. In the snow on the bank we could see several deep impressions that led up the bank and into the woods. We got out and examined the marks, but it was dark and we couldn't tell much about them. The next day, we drove back up and looked at the marks in the daylight. The tracks, as we took them to be, were in deep snow, and we could see mud at the bottom of them and measured the depth of the snow at 18 inches.  In the two tracks closest the road, there were faint outlines that could have been toe marks, but there were no claw marks visible as with bear tracks. The prints were apparently made by a bipedal animal, and led up a steep bank and disappeared over the top of the bank about 75 yards up the slope.  The bank beside the road was extremely steep, and it took my friend, who is 6-2 and athletic, eight long strides to climb the bank, but whatever left the prints needed only two steps. At one point, the animal had stepped over a fallen branch approximately three feet off the ground without breaking stride. I know sometimes big cats can leave footprints that appear to be two-legged, and there are still some panthers (mountain lions) left in the mountains of North Carolina, but if a cat made these marks it would have to have been the biggest panther in the world. They were about 14 inches long and seven inches wide. We thought perhaps the marks could have been made by clumps of snow falling from trees, but there were marks where there were no overhanging branches. We split up that day and two different groups walked along the road about a mile in each direction from the prints, but we never found where the animal had crossed the road, which means it was obviously using the road for traveling instead of trudging through the deep snow.
This happened summertime early 70's (I think 71, 72?).   Me, my husband at the time, and my two brothers hiked into Lilly Pad and Crater Lakes, Stillwater County, Montana.  It borders Custer National Forest, north of the East Fork of Fiddler Creek. There were no other cars in the parking lot so absolutely there was no one else up in that area or encountered.  It is a very remote and high mountainous area.  Lilly Pad is full of lilly pads, per its name.  At the time I thought it strange that we didn't see any moose there. When we left Lilly Pad, we climbed the side of the mountain, a very rocky narrow trail (just a game trail) towards Crater Lake.  Near the top, I kept hearing tree branches break, and thought, huh, the forest sure is noisy.  At the top we stepped into an open plateau (in looking at a current Google map, this area is now forested with trees) . We hadn't gone far when I heard a very loud tree knock coming from the upper end of the  plateau, on the side of the mountain. I could pinpoint exactly where the sound came from. It was NOT a tree branch falling. It was a wood knock, obviously wood on wood, a very sharp cracking sound, kind of like a baseball bat hitting a ball only LOUD. I said, "What in the world was that?"  One of my bro's said "loggers".  Wrong, there was no one up in there and there was no evidence of logging.  Almost immediately following that knock I got the feeling we weren't alone. We crossed the plateau and at the end there was a slight curve taking us to the lake. This area was also open but more of a corridor, maybe 100' or less wide. We fished the SE end of the lake and then one by one started making our way up and around the lake on the south side.  When I got towards the upper end there was a horrible stench and my hair literally started to crawl.  I remember being surprised at the smell. Being close to Yellowstone Park I would have expected a sulphur smell but this was not that; it was a stench like I've never smelled before or since. There was an open area around the lake, maybe 30-50' or so and then heavy brush.   I hurried up and around the lake back to where the guys were.  My older bro and husband would not go back up around, my younger bro started a second trip.  I had no inclination or want to go back around but then convinced myself if he is going, I must have imagined the feeling.  So I started another round.  Got up there and same thing, the stench made me want to gag (it seemed stronger the second time around) and my hair was standing on end.  I would cast and try to glance behind me to see what was there.  And then pine cones started landing next to me!  I would hear a rustle, and a pine cone would land next to me. These were NOT falling off the trees. The trees were too far away and these were coming in sideways and consistently landing right next to me.  My hair was really crawling. I was terrified.  But I didn't want to go back towards the guys, it was shorter if I continued around the end and that would put more space between me and it, whatever it was.  I pretended to keep fishing, and glancing over my shoulders afraid if I confronted it, it would attack.  And I kept glancing at the ground for tracks to see if I could figure out what it was.  At first I thought, oh it's too trampled to tell, and it was, right at the lake edge.  But when I looked towards the bushes and trees right at that upper end, there were 2 sets of huge tracks, one set coming, one evidently going back towards the trees.   The grass there was probably 8-12" tall and it was smashed down where the footprints were.  I didn't see the actual foot imprints as in mud, just smashed down grass.  Had I not been so terrified I would have looked for toe prints etc but I was taking fast looks.  And of course expecting tracks like a moose or something, not what I saw. At that point I seriously sped up and went around the lake. On the other side there was a place where the lake indented into the trees a bit. I seriously thought about trying to wade across it but it was too deep and I can't swim, as I did NOT want to go into those trees.  Got back to the guys and they were grabbing their stuff and in a hurry to leave.  I said my skin is crawling up there, my younger bro said, yes there's something up there.  We headed out and I knew something was watching us.  It shadowed us until we got back off that plateau. I knew as soon as we hit that rocky trail it wasn't following us anymore. Thru the years I have searched my brain as to what it could have been and nothing fit:  grizzly would have been on us, black bear would have either came at us or run, moose wouldn't smell, mountain lion would watch us but you wouldn't know it was there and also wouldn't smell.  Quite frankly there wasn't an animal that would break tree branches, do a wood knock, or toss pine cones.  Once the bigfoot shows started airing and I heard the eyewitness accounts, I realized what it was.  There simply is no other explanation. I believe there were at least 2 of them, the one breaking the branches and may then have went ahead of us and did the tree knock, possibly to warn a second one that was messing around at the water's edge. My older bro does not remember that trip, my younger bro barely remembers going there. I'm divorced from that husband so who knows what he remembers. I wish I had had the courage to stand and stare at those bushes longer and even walk towards them, I believe it would have stood up. Incidentally there is a recent report with pictures on the BFRO website about a sighting near Red Lodge, Montana, which is relatively close to the area of my encounter.  And somewhere I saw a report of encounters around a "small town in Carbon County", a lady and her small daughter would regularly be visited by a family of bigfoots.  The little girl said the small ones don't smell, just the big ones.  I can't find that report again but would really be interested if that is close to where I had my encounter.
The foot prints of two bigfoot creatures who had visited the ranch house my son and his family were renting. The day before these tracks appeared my daughter-in-law and I had hiked about a mile up the gulch looking for deer tracks. In backtracking the tracks of the two creatures we found that they had come upon our tracks at the head of the gulch and had followed them back to the  house and that the larger of the two had gone all around the house, barn and fields below the house. The smaller one stayed out by the rabbit hutches and had curiously curled feet.  The larger creatures prints measured 17 inches and the smaller one's prints measured 14 1/2 inches around the curved foot. We took pictures of the prints and the thing that struck us most about prints was that the creatures had to have been massive as it was very cold and the snow and ice on the ground was frozen so hard that we could jump up and down without breaking through to the ground, but every print of both creatures went completely through the ice.  We did not see the creatures them selves, only their prints.
i want to start this off by saying, I don't know what I saw. I know it wasnt a bear. Having said that I don't know what to think. I am attaching a google doc that has pictures of what we found... So this last Saturday at about 12:30 my hunting partner and I went to Smittle cave conservation area to scout and see what conservation has cleared. We crossed a creek bottom to where there are small food plots. Once we crossed to the other side of the field we saw something on the trail about 150 to 200 yards off. even from that distance I could see it was big. I noted a head by a limb that I judged was maybe 5 or six feet of the ground. what we saw then crouched and sort of swayed a few times before taking off to the right and stopping. not being sure what we saw we crossed into the next field and discussed what it was, we turned around and went back to the field we had seen the creature and it was gone. We crossed back to where it had been and found a large fresh footprint. I put my foot down next to the print. I wear a size 10 1/2 and the print is way bigger than my foot. We estimate it to be 16 or 18 inches long.  In that same area we found broken trees that had been pulled up and then wove between other trees. What does that? Also the limb we thought was maybe five or six feet off the ground was more like 8 foot maybe 9. What we saw was big and when it moved it almost glided. It was dark gray with brown hair, it was bipedal. I couldn't make out facial features or say 100 percent what it was. We were too far away.
I was bowhunting and just sitting in my stand looking around and it walked about 75 yards away. It was a long time ago and I did not know about Bigfoot at that time and told my partner I had seen a swish (gay) bear because of the way it swung it's arms and hands.
A friend and I were Bowhunting in October of 2000 or 2001.We found the area we wanted to hunt the day before.We hiked into the woods together.He chose a spot down by the creek over looking a small swampy area.It was down a deep ravine.I continued on further down the path and found a spot and sat down in the tall grass.Neither one of us had a tree stand. I had sat down for a couple of hours and was awaiting the time my friend and I call "Crunch Time". That is the time when the wind usually calms down and Deer start to move.Off to my left I could hear what sounded like an animal moving very quietly.I'd like to add that where I sat there was a small hill between me and the spot where I had hoped to ambush a Deer.This animal kept quietly rustling about and I moved from a sitting position to a crouch, getting ready for a shot.All of a sudden a very large tree started to shake violently and whatever this animal was let out a roar/scream that scared the hell out of me.I could see up into the tree and saw nothing in the tree. I could not see the bottom of the tree as it was obscured by the small hill. I immediately got up and ran all the way back to the truck.When I arrived at the truck two DNR officers were waiting to probably check our licenses.One of the officers was a male the other a female.The officers questioned me why I was running. I told them what happened and also told them that my friend was still in the woods.One of the Officers unsnapped his holster but did not pull out his gun.At this time it was dark we walked into the woods looking for my friend.After a short walk we could see his flashlight. The first words out of his mouth were, "Did you hear that thing scream". I told him that I did. He also elaborated that immediately after the scream two deer ran through the swampy area at full speed.We all walked out of the woods together with the officers instructing us to leave. They didn't even bother checking our licenses. They were at a loss to explain what had happened.I have since bought a trailer down the road in Manistee County and am in the area quite a bit.In looking back the thing that scares me the most is the fact that this powerful animal was very stealth until it wanted me to know it was there.The area also has legendary creature known as the Dog Man.
In the spring of 1974 my girlfriend and I were returning from a motorcycle rally at Laconia NH.It was late at night and we decided to camp out.I found a small gravel road and we found a remote place to set up my small 2 man tent.This area is referred to as the pine barrens in the Kennebunk area of Maine.It has very thick scrub pine growth. About an hour or so after camping I could hear movement near the tent but was not too concerned because there is a lot of wildlife in the barrens.The movement got closer and there was this really pungent order.I thought "uh-oh it's a bear"but was still not concerned as black bears are mostly just curious and usually will not bother you. I should add here that I have spent a lot of time in the woods as my mother and father were both Maine guides and the woods was my life.I have heard all the noises that wildlife makes in different seasons.I consider myself a good tracker and know the habits etc. of most animals. Then it happened:Whatever it was let out a scream that made every hair on my body stand striaght out and nearly gave me a heart attack.I am saying to myself"this is no bear."Now the girlfriend is awake and in hysterics.I am trying to quiet her so I can keep track of whatever it is.It moved close enough to the tent so I could actually feel it's movement through the ground and hear it breathing.This activity went on for about 20 minutes and it went away. After a sleeplees night and at first light I crawled out to investigate.I looked for tracks.There were no clear imprints,only impessions in the grass and some broken ferns etc.The impessions were about half again as big as my own.I wear a size 11.I followed the tracks and they ended at a cliff that was about 30 feet high.I wanted to investigate further but the girlfriend was haveing none of it and wanted to leave.I went back a couple of times by myself to that area but never found any further signs in the area. This all would have been disturbing enough but that year I was liesurly sipping a beer an watching a documentry on bigfoot with my girlfriend when they played a recording that was supposed to be a bigfoot scream.YOu guessed it...Hair straight out and and an exclamation from both of us of "Oh sh--!"If that was bigfoot then we have been very close to him.
In September of 1997 while traveling north on route 610 in Worcester county MD. at around 11:00 PM my bother and I saw a figure on the side of the road. It was very large and dark the light did not seem to reflect off of it, honestly it was as if the outline was what caught our eye. Since we were in my Suburban I could tell very easily that what ever we were seeing was tall. I recall that my brother was so shocked he even jumped away from my side of the truck which is where the figure was. Even to this day the thought of what we saw makes my hair stand up. The figure stood motinless facing towards the east,it made no movement what so ever. I remember the light that was reflected from it's eyes was a white/silvery color. Michael and I said very little on the way home that night and we rarely speak of it today.
I'd like to make a report, however it was years ago but I remember every part pretty well. I told a few folks about this over the years and they think I was nuts. But doesn't matter what they think. I was close enough to know what it was. I would say about less than 50 ft. Right in the middle of a fire road. In December 1977, my dad, uncle and my dad's other friends and myself went up to the cabin owned by a hunters club in Gardner, Mass. We went to spend the night, cook food and my dad and his friends like to play cards after eating supper. Myself and a friend used the snowmobile with a sled attached to the back, we took turns driving the ski doo around and the other would stand on the foot rest on the sled. The area was in northern central Massachusetts, very close to New Hampshire boarder. The cabin is in Ashburnham Mass. It's about 2.5 miles up a fire road called Old Colony Road. I remember it was a snowy winter that year. The area where we saw this thing was right on the edge of a swamp, old train tracks run right thru the area and crosses the fire road that we used to get to the cabin. It was about 4 p.m. or so, it was just getting a little dark. My friend and I left the cabin with the snowmobile, he was driving first and I was on the foot rest on the sled. We left and came up to the swamp, crossed over the tracks and headed down the road about 50 ft or so. It was getting a little late and we decided to not go to far so we turned the sled around on the road. Had to pick it up because of the narrowness of the road. Once we turned it around it was my turn to drive. So now were facing the tracks and the swamp is on both sides of the road. the road goes right thru the swamp and the tracks cross right by the edge of the swamp. At this point I looked behind me to see if my friend was on the sled and holding on, when I looked up I saw this creature walking on 2 legs like a human. He crossed right by the tracks at the edge of the swamp and crossed the road right in front of us. I remember it looking at us and I remember the arms swing clearly. Just like the pictures I have seen from your site. Very similar. Anyway, I remember the its size, that's what was scarey, so large, I'd say about 7to 9 ft high, weight about 400 to 500 pounds. At least for something that size it would most likely be heavy. I know the woods there well. I've spent years in the military and hunt every year. I have been trained in tracking and survival in the woods so I know what I am saying and what I saw. But the thing took about 2 steps and he was across the road. All black hair, didn't notice any smells, but I can tell you this. I won't forget that day ever. It was cold anyway and with no breeze the smell of it wouldn't travel far. My friend was shocked. He won't even mention it when I see him these days. He told one person and they treated him like he was on drugs. So thats why I never wanted to tell to many people. I wanted to say something about it now because I just say a program on TV the other night about bigfoot and the Kiamichi Mountians, I think in Oklahoma or somewhere out there. I remember one other thing that might be relevant. That being noises I have been hearing over the years in the woods there. Something like a crying sound but so load it almost seemed as if it were close by. I think it was a ways away because when we heard the sounds it was late, about midnight. We sit by the fireplace outside the cabin sometimes late cooking steak or deer meat on the grill. Behind the cabin is a huge swamp area that goes up to Route 12 in Ashburnham, Mass. The swamp is down a bit behind the cabin. We find moose droppings back there and lots of tree scraps from deer. I beleive there passing thru that area at times. Those sounds I heard were never heard there before and I don't hear them now when I go up there. Every now and then they seem to come back, but only when were outside sitting by the fire. Strange indeed. These woods go far as well and you could easily travel them and end up in New Hampshire or further without seeing a house. As time goes by and the more I read about what other folks saw and the similarities between each story I'm more wanting to do some of my own investigating, but its very scary out there at night, especially for me. I carry a loaded .44 when I'm up there just because I have seen this thing up close enough to know what it was. No doubt in my mind.
While squirrel hunting on Bayou Bodcaw on a clear and sunny morning, I heard dogs running what I thought was a deer on the west side of the creek. I was standing on the east side appx. 20 ft from the bank looking for squirrel in cypress den trees. The creek was about 30 to 40 yards wide with banks 10 to 12 ft high. As the dogs drew closer I put a 12 ga 00 buckshot in my shotgun. I then saw what I thought was a person break through some bursh and slide down the bank almost to the water. It then crawled back up the bank and turned and looked my way. This creature had reddish brown hair all over its body about the length of a deer's hair. It stood appx. 6 to 6.5 feet tall. Due to its hair I could only make out its nose and eyes features. After a few seconds it turned north and jogged up the creek until it was out of sight. The next day I told my dad about this. He asked why I didn't shoot it.  I told him it looked too much like a man.
On my family's rural 3,200 acre se louisiana farm along the pearl river we found 16" tracks in the sand dune from the lake then up a sand bank and over a flat area of sand, retreating down into the thick swamp. What startled us really wasn't the size but the stride! The stride was double our stride, the tracks appx were 8 ft apart!!! I believe in big foot and i know all we've ever seen was these tracks, but i know what i saw was not made by a human. My family has farmed this land since 1850 and never knew anyone to fake tracks. We keep tabs on who uses the property, mostly only family. We've heard strange sounds before, actually last was by me on nov. 15 2008 at 11:30 p.m. while hunting hogs at night. I thought it may have been a cougar, but after hearing similar sounds of primates, it may have been that type!
THIS HAPPENED IN 1976 IN DOYLINE LOUSIANA ON LAKE BISTINUE. LATE ONE AUTUM EVENING OUR NEIGHBOR ACROSS THE STREET CALLED MY DAD AND TOLD HIM TO GET HIS WORK TRUCK IN THE YARD AND GET TO HIS SHOP BECAUSE SOMETHING WAS HEADING THAT WAY. HE WAS VERY UPSET. HE STATED THAT HE WAS COMING HOME FROM WORK , IT WAS DUSKY DARK, WHEN HE PULLED IN HIS DRIVEWAY AND STARTED UP THE HILL TO HIS HOUSE HE SAW SOMETHING VERY LARGE AND HAIRY AND DARK ON HIS PORCH. WHEN THE HEADLIGHTS HIT IT,IT TURNED AND TOOK OFF RUNNING. IT STOPPED AT THE REDWOOD FENCE ALONG THE DRIVEWAY RIGHT AHEAD OF HIS CAR. THIS FENCE WAS 6 FT TALL , AND BEFORE DONALD COULD GET HIS CAR STOPPED IT CLEARED THE FENCE , ONE LEAP FROM A STANDING POSITION. HE PARKED THE CAR AND RAN IN THE HOUSE AND FOUND HIS WIFE SITTING IN FRONT OF THE DOOR POINTING A PISTOL AT THE DOOR, SHE WAS CRYING AND SHAKING. SHE STATED THAT SHE HEARD SOMETHING JUMP UP ON HER PORCH AND BEGAN TO PULL ON THE SCREEN DOOR, MAKING IT POP. SHE SCREAMED AT IT TO GO AWAY BUT IT CONTINUED TO PULL ON THE DOOR. IT ONLY STOPPED WHEN HER HUSBAND DROVE UP. MY DAD LEFT AND RAN ACROSS THE STREET TO OUR PASTURE TOWARD HIS SHOP, HE SAW A LARGE THICK MAN-LIKE CREATURE RUN AND LEAP THE CREEK, WHICH WAS A LEAST 10 FEET ACROSS. THE ONLY SOUND HE HEARD WAS A GRUNT WHEN IT LANDED ON THE OTHER SIDE. HE CAME BACK AND GOT HIS TRUCK TO DRIVE TO HIS SHOP BUT HE NEVER SAW IT AGAIN. MY DAD OR OUR NEIGHBOR WOULD NOT TALK ABOUT WHAT THEY HAD SEEN IN LATER YEARS. OUR NEIGHBOR JACKIE AND GLENDA LIVED BEHIND US AND THEY REPORTED NUMBEROUS ENCOUNTERS WITH WHAT THEY CALLED THE BOGGY CREEK MONSTER, THEY HAD A LARGE PINE THICKETT BEHIND THEIR HOME AND SAID THAT THEY HAD SEEN AND HEARD IT MANY TIMES AND AT TIMES IT WOULD RAID THEIR RABBIT HUTCH.
This occurred approximately 18-19 years ago when I was about 13 or 14--probably 1979. My mother and I were inside our home. The time was probably close to dusk, there was still a little bit of daylight left. The next thing that I remember was that my mother said" that it was awful quiet outside all of a sudden." Then we heard the dog, start howling and scratching to get into the house, which was remarkable in its' own rights because this dog was tied to a stake in the yard. This was a Big German Shepard that had to be tied up because if he ran loose, he had a nasty habit of killing any animal he crossed paths with. Anyway as soon as my mother opened the door to let the dog in, the dog literally knocked her over and went immediately into the bedroom under the bed. The door was still open, so I looked outside and (this happened very fast) I noticed how dead still and quiet everything was. I felt that little charge of fear race up my spine and I remember that the hairs were standing up on my arms and neck, and at that moment my mother came back ! and started to shut the door, when all of a sudden we both heard this SCREAM. It was not human, it was not any animal I had ever heard. It was almost like a cross between a woman's scream and a cougar. Since I knew that there weren't any cougars or women standing out on our dock, we both knew we were hearing something unimaginable. We then heard big sloshes of water, as if something great was passing through the lakefront. (Our House was only about 1/2 an acre up from the lake.) This whole episode probably only lasted about 5 minutes. We then noticed that the normal sounds of the swamp came back as if someone had turned the lights back on. We knew that whatever it was, continued down the lake. We heard from other families that lived along the lake that they had experienced the same thing.
I was driving northbound on route 146. I was driving with my sister (the only other person in the car) and she was looking down at her I-Pod and was in the front passenger seat. The traffic was average not too many cars but a few, and I was doing about 65-68 mph.  I looked about 3/4 of a mile ahead and saw something off to the rightside of the highway not on the highway but near the woodline on the grass. At first it looked like someone possibly in a gilley suit but then as I got closer I couldn't believe my eyes because it looked just like what you hear about and see artist renderings of a bigfoot like creature. It was too tall to be a person in a suit approx. 7-8ft tall and very broad with black hair. I couldn't see any specific facial features or chest features as it turned into the woods when i was about 1/8 of a mile away. It was walking parralell to the woodline then took a 90 degree turn into the woods. When I saw this I immediately slowed down to about 50mph and looked intently into the woodline by this time I was able to get my sisters attention (she was listening to music on the I-Pod looking down) we both stared into the woods and Icouldn't see anything but see thinks she saw something black moving in the woods. I still can't believe what I saw, there was no cars parked on the left or right shoulders of the highway. The creature did not appear to be running the entire sighting lasted for 7-8 seconds. I am very sure of what I saw it was a dark haired looked very much like a bear walking on two legs.
I am 45 years old, have spent my whole life in the woods. I have been hunting and fishing since I was very young. On June 28th my wife and I decieded to take a walk in the woods. We were heading to a secluded resivior located aprox. 2 miles in the woods. We came upon a spot in the woods that seemed liked someone was watching us. We heard a noise come from some bushes. I thought it was a grunt from a buck. We both expected to a deer come outof the brush. I said, maybe it was a Bigfoot. She told me to shut up and keep walking. We walked for another 15 minutes and realized we were on the wrong path to the lake. We stopped, ate lunch and headed back into the woods. We had stopped at some power lines and sat in some shade. It was over 94 gegrees that day, and this was about noon time. As we walked back, we both noticed some very DEEP foot prints that did not look right. They were clearly 5 toed "Human" prints. In between the prints, was some deer tracks. The tracks clearly looked like the Human prints were chasing the deer prints. We both looked at each other and said, why would someone be running Barefoot, in 100 degree weather in the middle of the woods on a Tuesady afternoon? There were no other people in the woods at that time. The tracks were not there the first time we passed this spot, the noise was, the tracks were not. At this point I became very concerned that what ever made the prints was still in the area. I grabbed a big rock and told my wife to take some pictures with her cell phone. The tracks were about 6 to 7 feet apart. I could tell the first print was a right foot, that jumped out of the woods. The sixth and final step was a left foot that looked like it pushed off into the woods. No other tracks were before or after these six prints. We both became very nervous and started talking loudly and whistling. I did not want to run into this "person". We became a little confused and ended up on the worng path home. We walked for a couple hours, no way were we going back the way we came. Did not notice any smells or sounds. Just very quiet. No animal sound at all.
Hi my name is J. XXXX .I live in Charlton Ma I was riding my atv in the woods and I saw it, it was a large figure standing near a tree. So I yelled and it moved. so drove to my house. and it was big black and scary and tall.                                                        my number  508-xxx--xxxx  thank you! 
On May 8th 2016 I was riding my four wheeler over on Fort Hill road in Oxford Webster area in the woods. I just hanging out by a swamp clearing a trail and had a weird feeling where something was watching me. My back was turned to the swamp and I heard a small splash coming across the swamp and didn't really think nothing of it. About thirty seconds later I heard another one and that one caught my attention but I didn't see it. It was bigger and it was in the middle of the swamp. So I dialed my buddy and as he picked up the phone, a rock about the size of a football, if not bigger was thrown about three quarters across the swamp and I saw this one hit the water.
I was gathering cut firewood on my grandmothers land in southern Maine. I heard a noise behind me and turned around expecting to see a moose as I was in moose country. At first I saw nothing and resumed my gathering, again I heard the noise, I turned to look and there it was about 30 feet behind me. Male or female I do not know. It was just standing ther watching me, needless to say, I split. This happened in the summer of 1985.
I have seen footprints of what I believe is a juvenile bigfoot. I have pictures. I have also seen what I believe to be bent trees caused by bigfoots.
I was hiking in the woods, doing occasional whoops and wood knocks to try to illicit a response. It felt so squatchy from the moment I got there, but I got no response to anything. I was about an hour into my trek and I see off the beaten path a series of footprints. The snow had stopped yesterday and I tell you these prints were FRESH. I am thinking I just missed that squatch by a matter of minutes or hours! SO CLOSE! Well, let me tell you what!! These things were 12'' long and the stride between steps was measured at 8 feet! The line of prints was straight, just like you see with other evidence of a bigfoot trail! It was INSANE. There were no other prints around, I followed these about a quarter mile into the depths of the woods and off the beaten path. The snow was up past my knees at some points but how could I stop following this epic trail! I could see some prints more clearly than others, I could see toe outlines and the heel in a few! I have pictures and videos to share with you. By the looks of the size of the prints and the distance in stride, this seems like an adult sasquatch, These things were huge!! The sun was setting and my phone was dying so to my dismay I had to turn around and get back to the path before dark, otherwise I would have followed those tracks until they lead me to whatever made them, and we know what made those beasts! This is the BEST day ever. My very first bigfoot evidence and experience and I couldn't be happier!!! There is literally NOTHING else this could be, it is an amazing and documented bigfoot footprint trail!